Tark abum joins us live from rafah in
southern Gaza and Tark those vests on
the ground that shahab was referring to
they represent people like your
colleagues your family members who were
killed and injured in Israeli strikes
give us a sense of what it's like to
work as a Palestinian journalist day in
day out covering this
[Music]
Carnage yes Sammy that's in fact
reflects the Grim reality on the ground
what that is related to Palestinian
journalists me and other journalists on
the ground have been reporting since
they went of the fighting about all the
latest genocidal acts on the ground
about all the latest uh attacks that had
been carried out ac across multiple
areas in the territory Palestinian
journalists have been reporting under
unparal humanitarian and security
conditions they have been loaded with
intense humanitarian and psychological
pressure as they are forced to secure
the family members affort them with the
basic necessities and to return back to
report Ahmed full collapse of security
conditions uh in all areas that they
have been reporting uh in since October
the 7th where they have been displaced
multiple times they have been struggling
in order to get internet connection and
Order also to get a credible and incred
credible information from eyewitnesses
there on the ground and despite the Deep
shortage or a few sometimes they have
been forced to go to locations of the
targeting on foot just to hear from
locals there in order to get an
information to be told to the
International Community and to keep the
world informed and that is a part of
what Palestinian journalists have been
going through since the outbreak of this
conflict with no sense of a protection
for journalistic Crews on the ground we
are talking about more than 140
Palestinian journalists have been killed
since the beginning of the war Ahmed the
Israeli military had targeted them
alongside with their family members some
of them have been killed as they were
reporting on the ground While others
have been killed even during the the
work uh covering all the latest uh
genocide uh and the attacks on the
Palestinian civilians and what we have
been really going through uh within the
beginning of this of the swore on the
ground is that we have been experiencing
High psychological trauma regarding the
scenes of the blood the scenes of
victims we can on a daily basis hear to
tragic stories uh from the victims and
from their families about how they have
been targeted without any prior warning
and how much loss Palestinians have been
enduring and that all all of that
happens in the shadow while Palestinian
journalists just trying to cast that
aside and to return back to a report in
the front of the camera for only one
purpose is to deliver the truth and th I
uh referred earlier to people writing
messages on their tents about the
student protests in the US how widely
are those sentiments resonating in Gaza
[Music]
well uh as as International American and
also International students are
protesting in open encampments in
multiple universities across the globe
in America and Britain and in different
uh parts of the world Palestinians here
are really following closely what is
happening in these universities as they
can feel the level of Leverage these uh
students uh actions have really PR uh to
the governments and also to to the
decision makers and the community as
Palestinians are really appreciating
such his steps that call for an end of
the genocide and Palestinians here as we
have been hearing from them they can say
that we uh finally International
Community started to feel what Gaza have
been suffering and experiencing uh
within this uh ongoing war that right
now so passed more than 6 months of
bombardment and they have been calling
for an end of the genocide for cutting
ties with the Israeli side and the that
completely have been fruitful from the
perspective of Palestinians as they have
been clearly see how these acts have
been uh contributed to increasing the
international awareness about what is
going on in Gaza Strip calling for an
immediate ceasefire and for bring an end
for the fighting on the uh on the Gaza
Strip but what we can also say as we've
been hearing from Palestinians is that
they do know only one fact that this
International movements that had been
taken by International students are
highly and profoundly appreciated as
they are also calling for further steps
to be taken in order to exert more
pressure on the uh on the decision
makers just at least to bring peace
again to the Gaza Strip where
Palestinians have been under unrelenting
bombardment for more than 6 months right
now all right thanks so much taba Zoom
there make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz